README.md, before:

# README Generator

  ## Description

  Generate a README.md file based on a couple of questions prompted though the CLI.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Knowledge Required to use the Repo](#knowledge-required-to-use-the-repo)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Installation

  To install all necessary files, use the following command on the CLI;
  
  ```
  npm i
  ```

  ## Tests

  To run tests, use the following command on the CLI;
  
  ```
  npm test
  ```

  ## Knowledge Required to use the Repo

  Standard knowledge of node js and how to interact with the CLI.

  ## Contribution

  Follow the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) guidelines OR contact me for further questions.

  ## License

  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Contact

  - **Github:** [github.com/xPandemonium](github.com/xPandemonium)
  - **Email:** jonathancorreaiglesias@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added a demo video and linked it in the README

README.md, after:

# README Generator

  ## Description

  Generate a README.md file based on a couple of questions prompted though the CLI.

  ## Table of Contents

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Knowledge Required to use the Repo](#knowledge-required-to-use-the-repo)
  - [Demo](#demo)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Installation

  To install all necessary files, use the following command on the CLI;
  
  ```
  npm i
  ```

  ## Tests

  To run tests, use the following command on the CLI;
  
  ```
  npm test
  ```
  ## Demo

  Watch this [Demo Video](./Demo/GeneratorDemo.mp4) on how to use the generator.

  ## Knowledge Required to use the Repo

  Standard knowledge of node js and how to interact with the CLI.

  ## Contribution

  Follow the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) guidelines OR contact me for further questions.

  ## License

  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Contact

  - **Github:** [github.com/xPandemonium](github.com/xPandemonium)
  - **Email:** jonathancorreaiglesias@gmail.com
